Manual Course 1


1. 사용하기 전 반드시 이 사용설명서를 읽고 제품을 안전하고 올바르게 사용해야 한다.

fb> Be sure to read this manual before use of the product to ensure safe and proper use.

2. 사용설명서의 내용은 제품의 버전, 통신사 사정 또는 모델 사양에 따라 실제와 다를 수 있다.

fb> The content in this manual may differ depending on the product version, service provider, or model specifications.

3. 이 제품은 가정용 전자파적합기기로 주로 가정에서 사용하는 것을 목적으로 한다.

fb> This electromagnetic compatible equipment is intended for use at home.

section{
Punctuation & Styles
Correct the following sentences.


1. Connect a jumper wire from J1 to J2: if the bulb lights, press push-button indicator.

fb> Connect a jumper wire from J1 to J2; if the bulb lights, press the push-button indicator.

2. Clipping the large amplitude can be tolerated; little information is present at that level.

fb> Clipping the large amplitude can be tolerated: little information is present at that level.

3. They are A, B and C.

fb> They are A, B, and C.

4. Water that is composed of hydrogen and oxygen can be broken down chemically.

fb> Water that is composed of hydrogen and oxygen, can be broken down chemically

5. A mixed mail deck, the carrier to noise ratio, half to full wave rectification.

fb> A mixed-mail deck, the carrier-to-noise ratio, half- to full-wave rectification.

6. The item is called “Xi”.

fb> The item is called “Xi.”

7. The subject of Chapter 1~3 is “Introduction-Handling Messenger”.

fb> The subject of Chapter 1–3 is “Introduction—Handling Messenger.”

8. The object which displays the information detail is essential.

fb> The object that displays the information detail is essential.

9. Select the Add button after all inputs are made.

fb> Click Add after all inputs are made.

10. Select the value “Gender” in the Category field.

fb> Select Gender in Category.
}

section{
Emphasizing and subordinating
Correct the following sentences.


1. The clearance should be 0.002 to 0.003 inch and is regulated by the armature-adjusting screw.

fb> The clearance should be 0.002 to 0.003 inch. It is regulated by the armature-adjusting screw.

2. Turn potentiometer X through its entire range. Note whether the needle moves out of the green.

fb> Turn potentiometer X through its entire range noting whether the needle moves out of the green

3. The FM deviator is an RC phase-shift oscillator that produces a highly linear FM carrier.

fb> The FM deviator, an RC phase-shift oscillator, produces a highly linear FM carrier.

4. Logic is in the circuit to shift the processing channel.

fb> Logic in the circuit shifts the processing channel.

5. The set has two identical panels which act as card carriers.

fb> Two identical panels on the set act as card carriers.
}

section{
Lightening and locating modifiers
Correct the following sentences.


1. A mixed-mail deck

fb> A deck of mixed mail

2. The power-supply voltage check

fb> The voltage check for power supply

3. Decrease the input-carrier level.

fb> Decrease the level of the input carrier.

4. Place the stripped printer only in the power washer.

fb> Place the stripped printer in the power washer only.

5. The vent plug returns to the cell any spray.

fb> The vent plug returns any spray to the cell.

6. Much smaller differences can be tolerated, as experiments show.

fb> As experiments show, much smaller differences can be tolerated.
}
