Function words
Correct the following sentences.


1. Each group appears successively as green, yellow, and red.

fb> Each group appears successively green, yellow, and red.

2. Take the connectors off of the old components.

fb> Take the connectors off the old components.

3. Select one out of the four choices.

fb> Select one of the four choices.

4. The input data is taken and decoded into two signals.

fb> The input data is decoded into two signals.

5. Press and hold down the SHIFT key until another character is entered.

fb> Press SHIFT until another character is entered.

fb> Hold down SHIFT until another character is entered.

6. The diagrams presented in this manual use the symbolic below.

fb> The diagram in this manual uses the symbolic (as shown) below.

7. The materials department has responsibility for making structural studies.

fb> The materials department has responsibility for structural studies.

8. This section discusses approaches that can be taken to retrieving data.

fb> This section discusses approaches to retrieving data.

9. The red light indicates that a failure has occurred.

fb> The red light indicates a failure.

10. Printed wires link together the test points.

fb> Printed wires link the test points.

11. The use of soap aids in cleaning

fb> Soap aids in cleaning.


Active voices
Correct the following sentences.


1. The variable-speed motor is connected to the drive-transmission system.

fb> The variable-speed motor connects to the drive-transmission system.

2. The impedance to ground is increased.

fb> The impedance to ground increases.

3. The information details are described in Appendix D.

fb> Appendix D describes the information details.

4. In the following discussion the theory of operation is given.

fb> The following discussion gives the theory of operation.

5. It shows that the difference in specification is caused by two factors.

fb> It shows two factors cause the difference in specification.


Creating an order
In order to sell a product(s) to any customer, you must create an order in advance. Keep the following steps to create an order:


1. Tap MENU () > Shopping Cart > Shopping Cart. Then the registration screen appears.

2. Tap ▼  at the top and then select Salesperson. The login user is selected by default. If necessary, change the displayed salesperson.

3. Tap the search () icon for Customer and then select the desired customer.  It is not required. To register a new customer, tap &.

For more information about registration of a new customer, see Registering a new customer on page 16.

4. Tap the scan icon () to scan a barcode or search for a desired product.

Tap OK at the bottom.

Now the order is registered in the order list. The customer can wait until the requested product is ready.
